Book One: Past
Chapter One: Dawn
	When there was nothing and no one there was just God and time. With his unlimited power he could do anything; and thus he made two forces: light and dark. But with no one to harness the power, God created two beings: the Dark Lord and a prophet by the name of God Jesus. The Dark Lord would harness darkness, and his prophet would the light, and the beings would have immense power. And thus, God moved on to the next universe, leaving the beings to lead the future of this one. The prophet believed in using power for good, thus he spent a day thinking, and did not know what to use his power for, while the Dark Lord used his power to create mass. The prophet spent a week thinking, and did not know what to use his power for, while the Dark Lord created planets. The prophet spent a month thinking, and did not know what to use his power for, while the Dark Lord created life. The prophet spent a year thinking, and did not know what to use his power for, while the Dark Lord was growing bored. And so the Dark Lord brought chaos to the lands, and all life became greedy and selfish, and destroyed their own planets. Once again, there was nothing. The prophet saw what chaos was like, and knew it was bad, and that order was good, and thus created his own planet, with life that followed every rule set by him, and always behaved the same. However the prophet’s life was boring, and the lifeforms had no will to live, and no goals or ambitions. And so the Dark Lord and the prophet joined together, to create a balance of chaos and order, and so they did, and created humanity. The individual lifeforms would be called humans, and would live on a planet called earth. The Dark Lord and the prophet knew this was right, but wanted more. The Dark Lord thought humanity was too boring, and it would be better with more chaos. The prophet thought humanity was too chaotic, and it would be better with more order. So the Dark Lord created a cult, with a cult cow elected to lead it. And they worshiped the cow, but the prophet knew this was wrong and the cult cow was banished, and it grew sentient, no longer influenced by the Dark Lord, but it was banished from people's minds too, and soon the humans forgot. Thus the Dark Lord created the fog; it would pull people in, and they would return, not always, but when they did, more chaotic than ever. But the prophet knew this was wrong, and he could not destroy the fog, because it was led by the Dark Lord, and the Dark Lord was an equal. So the prophet created a leader to enforce order, and named him Jesus Jeremiah. But the leader saw the world, and realized fixing it was impossible, so he created a new leader, and named him Jeremiah John. But the new leader saw the world, and realized fixing it was impossible, so he created a newer leader, and named him John John. And the newest leader saw the world, and knew what to do. But he was detached from the prophet and knew not of full order, but knew not of full chaos, and so he created the Johns. And the Johns were only human, but had the power to create, and they did. And there was a technological revolution, and the world advanced, and the Johns were praised, but there was still chaos. So the Johns were split, and formed factions. And they were split into four factions: The Wild West, Ordered East, Animanians, and Crusaders. And the West and Animanians fought for chaos, and the East and Crusaders fought for order. But as they were split, a new order began to form, of humans who did not wish to be influenced by the higher gods. And so they left, and founded a land, and it was called Brazil. And Brazil was isolated, and formed their own society. Yet even within Brazil, the humans became separated, and split into five groups: the furries, femboys, british, clown and a group of elected leaders, to keep the groups under control. This group was called Brazil Brazil. And Brazil could escape the fog, but the Johns could not, and they were taken, and they were converted. And those converted by the fog began forming their own factions, and a group of fortune tellers formed a group of prophets, and they predicted the future, but knowing the future was too orderly for some, and they did not join. And thus three total factions were formed: A cult of fog, led by the Dark Lord himself; A group of Johns, with power to change humanity; And a group of individuals, isolated from the world on the islands of Brazil. And the factions would continue to exist for millenia.
Chapter Two: Dark
	When three total factions had been formed, the prophet knew there was too much chaos in this world, and humanity knew, but could not change. And he knew he needed to banish the Dark Lord, but the Dark Lord and the prophet were equals, and one could not banish the other; Yet the prophet knew what to do. So he waited a day, and nothing happened. So he waited a week, and nothing happened. So he waited a month and nothing happened. But as he waited a year, the Dark Lord got greedy, and he used his power to restore the cult cow into the minds of the people, but the people were many, and his power was drained, and he was weaker. So the prophet was done waiting, and he used his power to banish the weakened Dark Lord. And the Dark Lord was exiled to a prison of pure quartz in an unknown location, but banishing the Dark Lord had drained the prophets power too, and he could not control the people, yet the chaos was subdued. But this was not the last time the Dark Lord would be seen, and the prophets, the fortune tellers of fog, they knew, and their prophecies told of the Dark Lord’s return, Yet he was banished, and there was order. But the order was not for long, and chaos began to return, but the Johns did all they could to control it, and there was balance. But the balance was not for long, and the Cult Cow emerged from where it had been banished to. And humanity formed a new cult around the cow, as they had with the fog, but the Cult Cow Cult was not led by the Dark Lord, but the fog was, and so the Cult Cow Cult became isolated. They had become isolated not as Brazil, the cult knew of the rest of earth, but they became extremely selective, and most applications to join were denied. The Cult Cow Cult, despite all, became one of the largest religions among the humans, and thus had incredible influence on all of earth. And so the Cult Cow could do virtually anything, and it did. On the first day, the Cult Cow converted the people of the fog. Yet still, many remained loyal to their original religion. On the second day, the Cult Cow converted the people of John. Yet still, many remained loyal to their original religion. And on the final day, the Cult Cow converted the people of Brazil, and finally, the Cult Cow had members from across the globe. Once many had been converted, the Cult Cow asked for sacrifices, and the chaos began. The humans began killing, and stealing each other’s organs to sacrifice to the Cult Cow. Those who did not believe were sacrificed first, and soon the entirety of humanity had been wiped out. The prophet knew this could not be, and so a new timeline was created, and the old one was forgotten. Yet now the Dark Lord was free once more, and knowing the chaos that would occur when the Cult Cow was restored, he was willing to restore it once again. But those who knew, the prophet, prophets and Dark Lord, who knew what would happen if the Cult Cow was restored, other than the Dark Lord did not want to see the timeline repeat itself. So the prophets of chaos and fog; And the prophet of order; They joined together to overpower the Dark Lord and imprison him. And once more the Dark Lord was imprisoned, but the Cult Cow gone. Yet the prophets believed without overpowering it, the Cult Cow was critical to the future, but the prophets were weak, and their power was drained, so they waited. On the first day, fifty people were lost to the fog. The prophets greeted them and told them of the Cult Cow. On the second day, one hundred people entered the fog. The prophets and fifty followers of the Cult Cow greeted them and told them of the Cult Cow. On the third day, two hundred people entered the fog. The prophets and one hundred fifty followers of the Cult Cow greeted them and told them of the Cult Cow. By the fourth day, the Cult Cow had gained a sufficient following, and the followers were freed from the fog to spread word. With the power of the people, the Cult Cow was restored from its banishment, but without the power of the Dark Lord, it would not grow too powerful. The prophet saw what had happened, and was not happy. He believed the Cult Cow brought nothing but suffering to the earth, yet the fog cult convinced him to let the Cult Cow stay. And so it did, and days passed, and months passed, and years passed, and the Cult Cow had not caused destruction. So the prophet was convinced, and the Cult Cow remained. The Cult Cow Cult grew larger, but to remain an isolated community, they left, hid far away from the rest of earth and remained there for many years, with absolutely no interaction with the outside world, just like Brazil had done before them. To this day, the Cult Cow Cult remains an extremely selective group of people, and applications to join being incredibly hard to come across.
Chapter Three: Fog
	When the Dark Lord was banished, the fog faction was left without a leader, and chaos was once again brought upon it. The prophets, as the main cult within the fog, knew they needed to find a leader, and do it fast. But the Dark Lord had always been their leader, and they also knew that it was wrong to replace him. So the fog faction was left without a leader. Slowly, the fog began weakening. Without a leader to supply it with power, there was no one else that could. So the prophets began draining the life force of those lost to the fog, and using it to power it. Slowly, the population began to dwindle, and people became more weary of the fog, knowing that most do not return. So the prophets knew something must be done while awaiting the return of their leader, and so they held an election process. The members of the prophets were voted on by those who remained alive in the fog, and a leader was elected. The first one to be elected was a man by the name of John Fog. John Fog was the modern day owner of the fog, and the rights to it had been sold to him after the Dark Lord’s imprisonment. John Fog knew the fog well, and was widely believed to be a great choice for a leader. However, after his election, the people soon realized John Fog was a cruel and heartless leader, so he was sacrificed to expand the fog, and a new leader was elected to take his place. This time a man by the name of Jeremiah Halsey. Halsey would continue to lead the fog for years, and became a greatly trusted member of both the prophets and fog in general. Halsey’s descendents would continue to lead the fog until the Dark Lord’s return. Under Halsey’s rule, the fog would continue to grow, this time with many even willing to join it instead of being forcefully taken. Yet still, many members awaited the return of the Dark Lord, so they began planning to free him. The first obstacle would be to find his prison. The prophet claimed to have hidden it far away from society, but some suspected it was near Brazil. Others believed it was hidden in plain sight, right inside of the ever expanding fog. And so the searching began. Those dedicated to finding the Dark Lord called themselves the Dark Ones, and they split into three groups. The first group began searching within the fog itself. The second group began looking for ways to go to Brazil. The third group were all members of the Cult Cow Cult, so they knew the prison was not there and began traveling to uncharted areas of the land in hopes of discovering it. After many weeks, none of the groups found anything. The first group concluded that the fog was too large to explore it all. The second group failed to get into Brazil, due to its strict visitor policy and isolation. The third group realized just how large the earth was and knew that they could not explore it all. Many people became convinced that the prison was not on earth at all; in fact, it could be in a different timeline entirely. And they knew only two groups who knew how to alter timelines: The prophet himself, and the fog’s prophets. They went to the prophets and reported what they had discovered, but the prophets were not convinced. There was no evidence that the Dark Lord was, in fact, in a different timeline. They told the Dark Ones they had not searched enough, and refused to help. So the Dark Ones left, and got back to work. This time they split into two groups: The first group would build a ship, and explore the seas. The second group would build a drill, and explore underground. And so they began working. The first group went to the forest, and began harvesting trees for planks to build the ship. The second group went down into the mines, and began looking for strong metals to create the drill. But both groups faced a major issue: The first group could not find enough trees to construct even a small boat; the fog simply did not have forests. The second group did not have enough miners or tools to harvest the ores. Progress began slowing down, and months passed and the Dark Ones were still far from finishing, yet they were still dedicated. More time passed, and some began leaving the Dark Ones. And that is when they knew, they needed to travel to new lands and find new people to help them. But they could not because they needed the ship, which was still in progress. So instead, they decided to abandon their projects and began traveling the land. This time there was only one group.
Chapter Four: Brazil
	When the Dark Ones were searching, the Brazilians had been alone on their islands, split into five groups as always. However, soon a new group was to arrive. From the sky, fell the first Neco Arc. It fell upon the islands of Brazil Brazil, but was quickly banished to Furry Brazil due to its cat-like nature. The first Neco Arc was sent to the core of Furry Brazil, where furry roots are created. Furry roots were created from the souls of furries who have died, taking over roots to form a great hivemind.
